monk
What do you mean?
I've got people working on Summit Media.
I'll tell you tomorrow.
Is easy
If you don't sell now
Summit Media will estimate
Waiting for bankruptcy liquidation
At that time, I will use Summit Media to stimulate
More than 5% at the lowest price.
So I advise you to resist carefully
Do you still want it?
Summit Media is my blood
It's bankruptcy and dissolution
I won't sell you either
Is that right? Then why don't we get married?
Oh, I see.
Often what's wrong
He Xiaozi wants to take back our union
Summit Media
The president did not agree
He used the means of being green to make a malicious takeover
Your Majesty
Our company is going bankrupt
What!
Then He Xiaoze is definitely coming for me
If he becomes the boss of Summit Media
I'm going to be tortured
And I'm now more enthusiastic
If I take the initiative to save
Liquidated damages are sky-high
What should I do?
that
If Headwind hadn't gone bankrupt
There will be bankruptcy liquidation
The company's assets enter the auction process
Auction debt
That is to say
If we buy some engineering fees at the auction
Then you can defuse yourself